Unify `lib.rs` structure (#3900)
bevyengine/bevy: .github/contributing/engine_style_guide.md

## General guidelines

### Imports

1. Prefer granular imports (eg. `bevy::prelude::App`) over glob imports (eg. `bevy::prelude::*`).

### Documentation

1. Use a consistent comment style:
   1. `///` doc comments belong above `#[derive(Trait)]` invocations.
   2. `//` comments should generally go above the line in question, rather than in-line.
   3. Avoid `/* */` block comments, even when writing long comments.
   4. Use \`variable_name\` code blocks in comments to signify that you're referring to specific types and variables.
   5. Start comments with capital letters. End them with a period if they are sentence-like.
2. Use comments to organize long and complex stretches of code that can't sensibly be refactored into separate functions.

### File structure

#### Library files

> The content of a library file (`lib.rs`) should be structured in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of a library file (`lib.rs`) should be obey the following order:
```

1. crate comment `//!`
2. lints

> 3. `extern crate`s

Reviewer 2: I don't think those should be mentioned as edition 2018 pretty much removed the need for them
